Feat: querying other agents source chains (#606)
holochain/docs-pages: src/pages/build/querying-source-chains.md

}
```

## Query another agent's source chain

### In coordinator logic

In your coordinator zome functions, you can use the [`get_agent_activity`](https://docs.rs/hdk/latest/hdk/chain/fn.get_agent_activity.html) host function, which works a lot like `query` if you pass [`ActivityRequest::Full`](https://docs.rs/hdk/latest/hdk/prelude/enum.ActivityRequest.html#variant.Full) to it. The main differences are:

* It also returns the status of the chain (empty, valid, invalid, or forked) along with any collected warrants, and
* It returns action hashes but no action or entry data. <!-- TODO: hopefully this behavior will be fixed one day -->

> If you want to get the action data, you'll need to perform a DHT query for every action hash you get back. The query filters are applied at the source before the hashes are sent back to you, so you don't have to re-filter the actions once you retrieve them.

Reviewer: Mentioning where and that the filter is applied makes this sound more complicated IMO.
```suggestion
If you want to get the action data, you'll need to perform a DHT query for every action hash you get back. The returned action hashes have been filtered by the query filters that you passed into the call.
```

This example gets the action hashes of all the movie entries authored by an arbitrary agent.

!!! info All DHT requests can fail
Because a DHT request often goes out to a remote node, it can fail to connect to that node, or they may not have the data you're looking for. It's up to you to build the retry logic that works best for your app. If you have program flow that requires multiple queries, it's often a good practice to define zome functions as single-query functions that return DHT hashes so that the client can retrieve the rest of the data in follow-up zome calls. This way, work isn't wasted if one query fails.
!!!

<!-- TODO: if get_agent_activity is ever changed to return actions rather than hashes, update the following code to use get_entry. And if get_agent_activity ever honours `include_entries` change that too. -->

```rust
use hdk::prelude::*;
use movies::prelude::*;

#[hdk_extern]

> pub fn get_hashes_of_all_movies_someone_else_authored(agent_id: AgentPubKey) -> ExternResult<Vec<ActionHash>> {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pub fn get_hashes_of_all_movies_authored_agent(agent_id: AgentPubKey) -> ExternResult<Vec<ActionHash>> {
```
One could also pass one's own public key so I suggest this renaming.

Author: I want people to be aware that this shouldn't be used for one's own data, but I decided my name was needlessly silly. Accepted your suggestion :) https://github.com/holochain/docs-pages/commit/2264c469c8f59658a0f01e7bec7009631988c1f4#diff-5702a0098743a1c42886fa7b818131a799a283205b52634d3d5e11988018bbe9L110-R110

    let activity = get_agent_activity(
        agent_id,
        ChainQueryFilter::new()
            .entry_type(EntryType::App(UnitEntryTypes::Movie.into())),
            // get_agent_activity ignores the include_entries filter, because

>             // the agent ID authorities don't store the entry data along with

Reviewer: Unless you usually refer to them as "agent ID authorities":
```suggestion
            // the agent authorities don't store the entry data along with
```

            // the actions.
        ActivityRequest::Full
    )?;

>     // The action hash is the second element in each tuple.

Author: https://github.com/holochain/docs-pages/commit/2264c469c8f59658a0f01e7bec7009631988c1f4#diff-5702a0098743a1c42886fa7b818131a799a283205b52634d3d5e11988018bbe9R121
